README.md, before:

# ActiveAdmin::Globalize

Makes it easy to translate your resource fields.

[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/activeadmin-globalize-2.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/rb/activeadmin-globalize-2)
[![Build Status](https://app.travis-ci.com/Celkee/activeadmin-globalize-2.svg?branch=master)](https://app.travis-ci.com/Celkee/activeadmin-globalize-2)

## Installation

Current version targets Rails >= 5.2 and ActiveAdmin >= 1.3.0.

```ruby
gem 'activeadmin-globalize-2', '~> 2.0.0'
```

## Require Assets

- active_admin.js: `//= require active_admin/active_admin_globalize.js`
- active_admin.css: `*= require active_admin/active_admin_globalize`

## Your model

```ruby
active_admin_translates :title, :description do
  validates_presence_of :title
end
```
## In your Active Admin resource definition

```ruby

# For usage with strong parameters you'll need to permit them
permit_params translations_attributes: [:id, :locale, :title, :description, :_destroy]

index do
  # textual translation status
  translation_status
  # or with flag icons
  translation_status_flags
  # ...
  actions
end

form do |f|
  # ...
  f.translated_inputs "Translated fields", switch_locale: false do |t|
    t.input :title
    t.input :description
  end
  # ...
end

# You can also set locales to show in tabs
# For example we want to show English translation fields without tab, and want to show other languages within tabs
form do |f|
  # ...
  f.inputs do
    Globalize.with_locale(:en) do
      f.input :title
    end
  end
  f.inputs "Translated fields" do
    f.translated_inputs 'ignored title', switch_locale: false, available_locales: (I18n.available_locales - [:en]) do |t|
      t.input :title
      t.input :description
    end
  end
  # ...
end

# You can also set default language tab
# For example we want to make Bengali translation tab as default
form do |f|
  # ...
  f.inputs "Translated fields" do
    f.translated_inputs 'ignored title', switch_locale: false, default_locale: :bn do |t|
      t.input :title
      t.input :description
    end
  end
  # ...
end

```
If `switch_locale` is set, each tab will be rendered switching locale.


## Hints

To use the dashed locale keys as 'pt-BR' or 'pt-PT' you need to convert a string
to symbol (in application.rb)

```ruby
  config.i18n.available_locales = [:en, :it, :de, :es, :"pt-BR"]
```

## Credits

This is a fork of https://github.com/fabn/activeadmin-globalize and PRs have been opened to upstream the changes.

Commit message:

Fix tests for rails 7.1, add deprecation warnings, stub testing docs
These have been verified only with ruby 3.0.6 / 3.1.2, older versions of
ruby haven't been checked.

Other changes:

* Fixed tests for rails 7.0 / ruby 3.1.2
* Fixed tests for rails 6.1 / ruby 3.1.2

README.md, after:

# ActiveAdmin::Globalize

Makes it easy to translate your resource fields.

[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/activeadmin-globalize-2.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/rb/activeadmin-globalize-2)
[![Build Status](https://app.travis-ci.com/Celkee/activeadmin-globalize-2.svg?branch=master)](https://app.travis-ci.com/Celkee/activeadmin-globalize-2)

## Deprecation warnings

Ruby versions below 3.2 and Rails versions below 7.2 have reached their end of support. Support for older versions of
these dependencies in this library will be dropped from the main branch soon and moved into stale unmaintained branches
for historical reasons.

While switching to these unmaintained branches will be a possibility, we recommend that you upgrade ruby / rails on your
projects instead.

## Installation

Current version targets Rails >= 5.2 and < 7.2 and ActiveAdmin >= 1.3.0.

```ruby
gem 'activeadmin-globalize-2', '~> 2.0.0'
```

## Require Assets

- active_admin.js: `//= require active_admin/active_admin_globalize.js`
- active_admin.css: `*= require active_admin/active_admin_globalize`

## Your model

```ruby
active_admin_translates :title, :description do
  validates_presence_of :title
end
```
## In your Active Admin resource definition

```ruby

# For usage with strong parameters you'll need to permit them
permit_params translations_attributes: [:id, :locale, :title, :description, :_destroy]

index do
  # textual translation status
  translation_status
  # or with flag icons
  translation_status_flags
  # ...
  actions
end

form do |f|
  # ...
  f.translated_inputs "Translated fields", switch_locale: false do |t|
    t.input :title
    t.input :description
  end
  # ...
end

# You can also set locales to show in tabs
# For example we want to show English translation fields without tab, and want to show other languages within tabs
form do |f|
  # ...
  f.inputs do
    Globalize.with_locale(:en) do
      f.input :title
    end
  end
  f.inputs "Translated fields" do
    f.translated_inputs 'ignored title', switch_locale: false, available_locales: (I18n.available_locales - [:en]) do |t|
      t.input :title
      t.input :description
    end
  end
  # ...
end

# You can also set default language tab
# For example we want to make Bengali translation tab as default
form do |f|
  # ...
  f.inputs "Translated fields" do
    f.translated_inputs 'ignored title', switch_locale: false, default_locale: :bn do |t|
      t.input :title
      t.input :description
    end
  end
  # ...
end

```
If `switch_locale` is set, each tab will be rendered switching locale.


## Hints

To use the dashed locale keys as 'pt-BR' or 'pt-PT' you need to convert a string
to symbol (in application.rb)

```ruby
  config.i18n.available_locales = [:en, :it, :de, :es, :"pt-BR"]
```


## Testing

There is currently a bit of a burden in running all tests and guaranteeing the efficacy of the library for all different
setups. The `.travis.yml` file gives a good idea of what ruby/rails version combinations have been confirmed to work in
the past, although we don't currently have a CI environment setup for this library.

The recommendation at this specific point is to set ruby to 3.1.2 and run the tests only for rails 7.1. These
instructions will be updated soon as we verify support for rails 7.2 and ruby 3.2.

### Testing for rails 7.1 (these instructions also currently work for rails 6.1, 7.0)
```sh
rbenv local 3.1.2  # Latest ruby version currently supported
bundle install
bundle exec appraisal install
bundle exec rake db:schema:load
bundle exec appraisal rails7_1 rspec spec
```

## Credits

This is a fork of https://github.com/fabn/activeadmin-globalize and PRs have been opened to upstream the changes.
